good morning it's december 13
2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a another
cloudy morning with a gentle breeze
blowing
around 50 degrees fahrenheit
10 celsius
the days are getting shorter and
shorter i know this picture is
probably pretty dark today i'm not
thinking about
music i'm thinking about
chemical reactions and in particular
polyester resin
two parts liquid
when put together and stirred
after some time has gone by
this liquid becomes solid
as solid as a rock
amazing like a miracle
chemistry
should be going up to around
69 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
21 celsius
and it looks like there will be
clouds but also
hopefully those beautiful blue skies and
golden
sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day